[Docs] ES UI form library (#78654)
elastic/kibana: src/plugins/es_ui_shared/docs/docs/form_lib/examples/serializers_deserializers.md

---
id: serializers_deserializers
title: Serializers & Deserializers
sidebar_label: Serializers & Deserializers
---

> * **Deserializer**: A function that converts the form default value provided to the internal state object.

Reviewer: Good point! You are right, we need to give a bit more context. 👍

* **Serializer**: A function that converts the internal state object to the expected form interface.

```js
interface MyForm {
  name: string;
  // The "dynamic" parameter can have 3 values (true, false, "strict").

>   // Ww¡e will use a toggle field + a checkbox to help the user define it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // We will use a toggle field + a checkbox to help the user define it
```

  dynamic: boolean | 'strict'; 
  _meta?: { [key: string]: any };
}

// This is the internal fields we will need in our form
interface MyFormUI {
  name: MyForm['name'];

>   _meta?: string; // the JSON editor work with string and not objects

Reviewer: Great point. I went ahead and simplified the example as you suggest.
